>> Sean Larkin: The goal for
you is to now understand.
So once we're done with this section,
we're gonna dive into actually building
up the config, adding features,
adding loaders, adding support for
things, and maybe talking about why.
And it's gonna be a lot more comfortable
once you understand what these things
are doing.
I find that more useful
than just having you
arbitrarily code with me a bunch of
stuff that you're like what is this?
So there's four core concepts.
So the first one is called entry, and
we kind of had an introduction
to this already.
The entry point, really, it's not like
the entry property on the config.
We're talking about more as the concept.
So say you have this diagram,
and you have some code, and
some modules, and
you have a toppable file.
I think I was writing angular at
the time when I created this and so
there was a bootstrap file.
And it imports a component, and
that component imports some lib and
also some other components.
And that lib has a dependency.
This is how JavaScript works.
And let's say we get really weird and
sometimes your dependencies
aren't just JavaScript.
Sometimes for a component library,
you might rely on some SaaS or
CSS or whatever.
But the point is that that top file,
that is your entry point.
That is the entry.
It is the root of what is now
kind of a graph here, right?
And it's the first JavaScript file to
kinda kick off your functionality.
And so we define this using an entry
property in the configuration.
There's a couple ways or
a couple different types of data types
that you can pass into the entry property.
But the simplest is just a string,
which is just a relative path.
And you can even see here,
you can step through the code,
webpack is gonna trace through
each of these imports.
And then recursively look for
other dependencies in those
files until creates a graph.
>> Sean Larkin: And that's the entry
point, that's what the entry is.
It's very simple, it's not complex in what
is happening behind the scenes either.
We just passed that string to webpack's
compiler and then it goes and
resolves it and tries to create a graph.
So when you think about entry as
the concept, the entrypoint or
the entry property, the entry concept
is really about telling webpack
what you want to include in the browser.
What do you want your code to
be bundled in its contents?
And it works together
with the output property.